well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so I got a message asking me and
said is it right that the trunk
cheerleaders were punished I didn't even
know what that meant if you're gonna
send me a message please include a
little bit more details than that
because I had to I had to scour to kind
of find this and look it up so I'm
assuming this isn't gonna make national
news so let me feel yet some
cheerleaders at North Stanley High
School in North Carolina prior to a game
held a banner that said trump 2020
trump reelection banner the squad was
put on probation is that right okay so
the school has a policy that says no
political signs at school that's
probably not constitutional Supreme
Court has been really clear on this
students do not shed their rights at
schoolhouse gate period the test is
whether or not it is disruptive to the
school so it's not the type of speech
that is in question it's whether or not
it disrupts the school so a blanket
policy against political signs probably
won't stand up at the same time this was
not a political sign it was an election
sign and they were in uniform
representing the school which is a
government entity which receives
government money they can't play
politics that they're running into an
issue that probably is not something
your average teenager has thought about
government entities can't support a
political candidate okay
is it right that they were punished okay
punishment consisted of probation what
does that mean literally means they were
told hey don't do this again they didn't
miss any games they weren't punished in
any meaningful way given the fact that
they were in uniform yeah that's
probably fitting they're being told not
to do this again in uniform
is what they should be told the school's
issued a statement because the
cheerleaders were in uniform and were
acting as representatives of the school
the display of the sign could be
perceived as the school or school system
endorsing a political campaign for this
reason the only action Stanly County
Schools has taken is to ask the
cheerleaders not to display the sign
again and that's where it stops it
should be again in uniform if they want
to come to school tomorrow with the
banner in their normal clothing and take
that take a photo in from the flagpole
they should be allowed to that should be
protected speech it's not disrupting
school I know a lot of you are like why
on earth would you go out of your way to
say something about this I think the
reason we end up with candidates like
Trump is because we don't allow
meaningful political discussion in our
schools
so I think that that is a I think that's
something that needs to change and in
the meantime we need to defend what
little ability students have to discuss
politics at school I mean I have some
questions about this I would like to
know exactly how an entire cheerleading
team backs one candidate that seems
really odd and I would like to know why
they support it if you're in this photo
I would love to talk to you in a
non-confrontational way I would love to
hear why you support president Trump's
reelection but we do need to keep in
mind that no matter how much the right
wants to squelch free speech we have to
defend it as much as we can within the
bounds of the of a civilized society you
know you can't be advocating violence or
anything like that
you know the whole shouting screaming
fire in a crowded theater type of thing
this wasn't that this was this was a
legitimate political speech whether or
not I agree with it shouldn't matter
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day